and hello today we're doing the jammies
furniture mod yes i love this model the
cool little things stop lyin computer
Christmas tree look how cute that is it
is damn cute and here we have various
lamps lamps there's one collect that old
fashioned lamp post are there's
something that will go at a bedside
table and then the one that kind of
hangs from your and a fireplace now the
mantelpiece is past then I've just
bricked netherrack Evan this little
thicker here now that's not actual smoke
from the fire that actually generates
smoke so and then there's chairs so I'm
just showing you all these because these
are the colors so these are like a
little corner of it and you can actually
see in them yeah
lack of us
it was creative and then you have this
but in all those colors like a long
piece and then this is like something
you can make and then there's the two
end pieces if you like so I've just
whacked them together again all in
different colors and that's just one
night sir so now this was I'm pretty
sure this was all these work before um
like the mob heads were added better
ones now we game so the human zombie
creeper and the skeleton but this also
adds in all the rest including the
Enderdragon that I don't think you can
there's no way the one because obviously
you need head filled with Loretta
regardless now these black things our
roof room blocks if you like and I just
strata cot dammit mouse
I'll show you that see roofing so
they're like really really more stairs
then there's a block for but they look
baby cool for your roofing I look better
I not supposed to see that that's the
next moment and now i'm going to show
you the other things here we have a
kitchen
ah God's Sabbath oops that was already
up so there's cupboards and cupboards
and there's an up and adjust our there's
a sink and there's even a dishwasher and
fridge freezer and then how that hurt my
ears god damn it and in here's the
bathroom washing machine not a little
cupboard and will sink into birth to I'm
now stuck the bathtub dude no not and
I'm out of the bath of lags me no dude
hey yes it's like yeah God death stop
doing that okay the bathtub lags and I'm
something is wrong with this mass today
when you
need a sip like a donation link so
people can donate it highly doubt it but
and then there's the toilet
yep yeah lack of boughs and most of your
not supposed to say he'd gone depth I'll
be getting to these mods later of the
stockpile of malls well today god dammit
i'm about to chuck a psycho
dot right blood system
hey damn it go in the toilet go into it
down oh well now it's for the old the
living room I'm going to go to the
bathroom goodbye see you in like one
second hello and this is the final thing
so there's trash can that's pretty cool
and then you can build a living room so
you have a television than the coffee
table or chair and I'm liking don't
stand there we go the clock nice
grandfather clock ooh hidey-hole I
didn't
yeah oh wow you click you don't actually
see it but you just click on it took
your time big catch table I told like
proper little chairs and then there's a
basket for that kitty yeah would you
like some fish so that's the jammies
furniture mold and a sneak peek a few a
couple of other mods like snow the snow
is a part of something new hahaha good
to leave you on a massive chief Hannah
ignore all that